# 2020/04/01: sub-group planning and first goals

Created: Apr 01, 2020 11:48 AM

# Summary

## Github

A git repo will be created. For now, this will simply be used as a file-sharing system; the project overview and meeting minutes will be stored here, and data proposals (see below) will be submitted to the repo.

## Sub-groups

Due to the relatively small number of developers participating in the project (so far), we've decided that it might be better to start off with just two sub-groups for now: a "front-end" group, and a "representations" group, where the "representations" group can do audio/physical/visual as they see fit. Again, due to the group size there will be no sub-group leaders for now.

Current groups:

- Front-end: Cassidy, Josh
- Representations: Shane, Jon, Paul, Sonata

## Data

While various ideas of data to be used were proposed during the meeting, we decided that a better idea would be to have people submit mini "data proposals" to the git repo, that way we have more time to brainstorm ideas and make a more informed decision.

A data proposal should include a brief summary of what the data is and where it could be obtained, as well as possible representations that could be explored (one each for audio, physical, and visual). The purpose of these data proposals is to help the group decide if your data would be a good candidate to be used as a first steps proof of concept of our application, so try to include any information that you think would be useful for this.

## Next steps

The next meeting has been planned for Thursday (4/9) at noon (central time).

---

# Agenda created before the meeting

- Form sub-groups
    - Choose sub-group "leaders" (assuming we have enough people...)
- Brainstorm database ideas
    - MNIST
    - Paul's atomic trajectories
    - other?
- Set up a git repo
    - Provide resources for github best-practices
    - Branch structure: master → subgroups → developer?
- Outline first milestone for each sub-group

# Raw notes taken during the meeting

- make fewer sub-groups (since not many people)
    - front-end, and "visualization"
    - front end: Cassidy, Josh
    - "visualization": Shane (audio), Jon (physical), Paul (audio), Sonata
    - can't do physical because corona
- data
    - atomic trajectories
        - sound: isotropic stress
        - color: force errors
    - spectra
        - Atomic spectra (intensity vs. frequency/wavelength)
            - figuring out how to convert data to sound so it doesn't sound bad
        - 3D print atoms/molecules
    - various "light curves" (asteroids, planets, etc.)
        - used before for sonification
        - reconstruct planet mass and distance → recreate those physical models
        - supernova light curves could be printed as well
    - solicit data from other scientists
    - social isolation data?
- make short proposals for data that you'd want to us
- plan for Thursday noon (central time)